hello everyone today we will cook
Emperor salad for its preparation
we will need the following products
boiled chicken breast a little
boiled potato small piece
some local delicacy
for example ham lily balyk i will
use boiled pork also us
need an apple orange fresh
cucumber a little green black ground
pepper salt and sour meat divide by
fibers
diced potatoes local
delicacy
cucumber and apple cut into thin strips
peeled orange slices
cut into small pieces and add
salad chop greens
grated cheese
greens and cheese add salad add
links a little pepper
Sulina it to taste refills salad
sour cream
mix everything and you can serve salad
to the table i hope you like it
emperor salad bon appetit and
bye bye